okay I guess we can get started
so initiatives first oh yeah principle
agenda okay initiatives upgrade to go up
first release process this is me we have
entered into stage two release process
for I go - fs0 much like - we already
have early testers running it in deaf
deployments we will probably enter stage
3 next week assuming nothing goes weird
great the testing process deafness also
may then Russell is missing team we now
have regular meetings every Wednesday 18
PST here at the to local timezone Allen
is currently reviving our best
benchmarks and then we're gonna try
getting go testing as well this is
currently this is built JavaScript but
they can work for both a role that has
done some architecture design work for
the test lab I and Jim has done a bunch
of work I for like there's like UI
mock-ups we still need to like make sure
we sync mean like your we're gonna pull
it out of that meeting and sync up I'm
like what this benchmarks currently does
because we can probably reuse some
infrastructure some of the UI I
depending on like the tests were trying
to run I'll hand it off to whoever wants
it about Jim pitting adjacent yes
this might have been an ally doing great
right it is a Dirk yeah I can talk about
that and so basically we're trying to
just kind of close out that garbage
collection PR that's it's been running
for quite a while now and so with Alan I
was talking about it and we thought it
would probably be best to try to get
something something out there because it
was kind of like a lot of ideas about
improvements that can be made to it and
ways of doing it better and so we're
just trying to kind of narrow down the
scope to a minimum labeled garbage
collection and then open issues for her
outstanding stuff and I'm kind of
splitting my time between that and
wrapping up on improving might be a bad
performance for your idea bus for
delegated routing is that a allen thing
and allen happens not be with us is
that's both an Ellen and I can talk
about it yeah I can hear me yes yep so
it's something I've been looking at for
for my integration with brave basically
it's a nice stopgap until we implement
actual beautiful transport we would ship
embedded Jess ipfs does delegated
routing and I've been debugging
performance bit deeper last week and
today and basically we need to like that
there's a performance problem of how
those modules are implemented right now
there are no trolling and we have the
limitation of how many concurrent
requests we can do for a single domain
in web browser and also we are doing
swarm connect constantly which is not
necessary at least we could shuttle
it over some time windows so I got some
changes luckily that I will be our that
should address that that's a separate
topic of gateway API commands
configuration option in go ipfs not
wired into anything I talked about this
briefly with Steven but like it's like
eventually to be worried up but for me
that immediate need its to get those
little to be modules responsible for
delegated routing to the point where we
can actually shoot them with Jessica
first the current version will just
float not only the web browser but also
our preload nodes toggle DDoS protection
so when I decrease that the flawed it
still got blocked on the other end so we
need to we need to figure the out box
library and also configuration of our
pre handle a lot of requests because we
can we will decrease the number of
requests sent from individual node but
if we deploy it as a default or like as
opt-in and people by default will use
our field notes just like they did with
WebSockets tar will quickly run into
similar problems I guess that's like
current state
I think rush was out but he's working on
I believe getting the fallback
implementation finished up the base
gossip supplementation is done and I
think we've got the work done for
falling back to flood sub but we need to
finish up interrupts tests in forego nsj
and then we should hopefully be able to
release that soon so I guess it's up to
me it was known that would be Logan yep
I believe we sort of got a better idea
how to handle this for the local host
had a sink history Stephen we there's
like a sort of clear clear path forward
so for local host isolation between
subdomains and path based gateway an
unknown problem is how to handle those
all those bash scripts that expect half
base gateway I mean if we suddenly start
redirecting path based gateway and point
to the subdomain one that will introduce
HTTP redirect and a lot of scripts out
there the wild are not expecting
redirect and will just crash but that's
something we can mitigate by enabling
redirect only for web browser user
agents initially mostly will like will
care about origin separation in the web
browsers so that makes sense it's
anything I missed Stephen I well this
one will think you're a variant encoding
parodies series I'd like to get a look
at this of course is people really put
this recipe folks so I guess
is here even so no news okay second
coupe or here I yeah basically to office
we can either distantly to be and make
this work for all say IDs or we can do
this or sorry all PR ideas or we can do
this as an hack at the gateway I'd like
to do it down lower
just because makes it simpler so I guess
next is replicas validation yeah so
similar to what go let me repeat core
did I mean holiday at all those repos
we're going to do something similar with
J slippy to be core modules and then
with the J's will be to be interfaces
will join this someone to be working on
that this week
start with the interfaces because that's
the least obtrusive thing and then work
my way to KS and that'll probably just
do a repo consolidation first but then
look at what we can do to optimize tests
Steven I have a good concern here in yo
ipfs go - core are the interface rep oh
no I want to make sure that we don't
have situation where like that's our
interfaces and then GS has an inch base
of rapid core meet something totally
different
confusing um so what do you mean by
court you mean like core primitive
support like what so it will be so it's
basically all of the modules that Jas
lovely to be needs to function by itself
so add the connection manager repo not
the interfaces themselves but the actual
code we're gonna bring this new one
central repo it's there any way we could
change this around I'm just like yes
this makes sense but it's going to
really cause a lot of confusion because
it's a go we have all benefits in quark
who say like this is they're all
interfaces and our like basically
instructors like PID definitions all
that kind of stuff in this one repo so
it's like the idea is that each building
or import any liquid P implementation
but they use the interfaces in court
it's like a standard thing just goes
like are you just getting hung up like
is it the naming that you're you getting
Stern about it cause you know it'll just
be J slippy to be so will we
pulling those sub modules into the
libertage a slippy 2p repo oh okay okay
servers like if you have a DSS for repo
and it definitely very good go then go
to the free desk or you know so well how
it will end up with JSL p2p which will
have those other those space those core
modules in it and then we'll have the
interfaces repo which I'll have all of
our our combined interfaces okay
wonderful
then I guess for now on two blockers and
asks I have one asked I said I have a
lot of one-on-one 7 Mondays to
distribute knowledge and have time you
have to stick with people so that I keep
this on my plate invisible if you want
one thing we I guess next one Hannah is
wondering if there is a JSP or person
okay they do exist
who is that I guess that's me I'm the
repo maintaining Tim week who is like
I've just been brought on to do Jess bit
swap I don't know they're still there
did I said hey you what's up
oh well honestly I just want to make
sure you if you need if you ever need
time to check in with me about like
things that have happened in your
looking to bring over to Jaso ipfs bit
swap just I just want to let just say
that I'm available but you should thank
you
any other blockers or initiatives now I
even talked briefly about where I
castings are at right now which is just
there is in my me list down below
there's a PR that's tracking all the
pub/sub aquinnah stuff there are an
issue tracking all the PRS there's four
that are outstanding that are like
basically there i showed a demo during
drying ipfs camp just didn't get those
over the line and then we probably will
need to start working on like these
features of IPs that we have neglected
because it was slow like local pending
there have been some pre-existing issues
about that I liked one of them that just
you should be able to start up your note
in the same way you have penned content
you should have ten by pianist records
it's as simple as that
and then there's there's sort of two
tangential issues like one is maybe
splitting off IPS from I give us because
there have been requests from a number
of parties about that just being able to
use that separately and then also
figuring out like how much and when do
we need Jas go compatibility between
these things that's the current state
there's any questions
I think that's it unless watching a
parking lot I because I think weighs
about that what if he wants to put the
pertinent issue many years coming
Congrats now we just need to see it fail
what production without going I mean or
like not fail like you know fix it okay
I think that's it I have a wonderful
week see